feat: new introductory javascript project (#54305)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/660f2a70ad6225fa503e71c3.md

---
id: 660f2a70ad6225fa503e71c3
title: Step 41
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-41
---

# --description--

> You are getting closer! Right now, you have what is referred to as an <dfn>off-by-one error</dfn>. This happens often when you are working with a zero-based indexing language like JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're getting closer! At this point, you're encountering what's known as an <dfn>off-by-one error</dfn>, a frequent problem in zero-based indexing languages like JavaScript.
```
